Week12
o Progress: Working on the report based on the feedback and prepare my demo for client, moving the code to Google Colab.
o Problems: Come up with an idea that makes the demo appealing but also show my ability.
o Plans: Try multiple version to see the result, just need to put in a lot of hours.
o Hours: 30 Hours

Week11
o Progress: Making digital profolio
o Problems: Picking WIX back up took me some time
o Plans: Follow youtube videos and look for templates
o Hours: 17 Hours

Week10
o Progress: Finishing Python and writing final report
o Problems: Decide what to put in the report while making sure I don't reveal the classified info.
o Plans: Work harder
o Hours: 22 Hours

Week8
o Progress: Switching to Python, working on the functions file.
o Problems: It is hard to abandon what I have and switch completely to Python, time is limited.
o Plans: From what I did in the analysis part and combine them with file merging functions.
o Hours: 25 Hours

Week7
o Progress: Trying more visuals, making it look professional. Based on CED's need, coming up with more functions. Exploring more ways to analyze data.
o Problems: Trade off between making what I have better or find a better solution.
o Plans: Look for examples online
o Hours: 25 Hours

Week6
o Progress: Uploaded all the existing files to the folder and trying to improve the visuals
o Problems: The folder exceeded PowerBI limit.
o Plans: Group data in transform before processing them.
o Hours: 20 Hours

Week5
o Progress: Completed the flow. Now the flow is running good. Debugging the flow. 
o Problems: Try to figure out how each process can go wrong and improve them.
o Plans: Use it as many as I can.
o Hours: 10 Hours

Week4
o Progress: Communicated with client about other aspects of the project, potentially predictive analysis. Improved some visuals and add search to the data so it suits their needs more.
o Problems: Working on the idea of predictive analysis.
o Plans: Check out classmates videos to see what they did with their project.
o Hours: 10 Hours

Week3
o Progress: Tested the flow and it is running for the most part, connected it PowerBI and did some data manipulation and visuals
o Problems: The data merging is not working great, still working on it.
o Plans: I am working on the data merging part. Also working on how to only aim for pricing files.
o Hours: 20 Hours

Week2
o Progress: Created the whole framework of the workflow, from data gathering to storage to analyze
o Problems: The format of the price files are not consistent, I have the design a format so all the data can be recorded correctly in PowerBI
o Plans: I will have to go over previous course that talked about PowerBI and some tutorial videos about PowerBI.
o Hours: 10 Hours

Week1
o Progress: I researched the best way to accomplish the project gaol by using windows power automate
o Problems: Power automate can  automate the process, connect price files to cloud and PowerBI, but I still have to figure out how to do the analysis part.
o Plans: I intend to find out how to do the analysis part of the project.
o Hours: 5 Hours